# Import Runfiles
A Python script to import runfiles generated by QIAsymphony SP Instrument to an Excel sheet.

*Last Update: 4/19/2024*

## How to use

### Setting Up the Environment

To use this script, you would need to download Python and the necessary packages.<br> Download Python [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/). You need to install version **3.60 or higher** to use the packages. 

Then install the packages with the following command in the terminal.
    
    python -m pip install beautifulsoup4 openpyxl
or 

    py -m pip install beautifulsoup4 openpyxl

### Running the Script

Navigate to the cloned repository/directory through the terminal. If you are not familiar, here is a quick [tutorial](https://www.digitalcitizen.life/command-prompt-how-use-basic-commands/).

This directory should have `Extraction import template test.xlsx` and `import_runfiles.py`.<br>Before running the script, make sure to move all the runfiles to a single folder. 

Then you can run in the terminal

    python import_runfiles.py -d /runfile-directory -n project-name -i project-id -v volume

or 
    
    py import_runfiles.py -d /runfile-directory -n project-name -i project-id - v volume

<br>

Frequently used values will be:

`MO` for Mission Origin or `ATLAS` for Precision Medicine as `project-name`<br>
`MO-D_XXX` for Misión Origen or `PM-XXXX` for Precision Medicine as `project-id`

You can of course modify these values for your different projects.

If successful, you should see an Excel file `project-name extraction import runfile project-id.xlsx` in the same directory as the script.
